internalid, tranid, customer, customercode, trandate, location, principal, externalinvoice, item, itemcode, qty, uom
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : QRTN (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : QRTN (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : QRTN (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : QRTN (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : QRTN (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : QRTN (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : QRTN (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : QRTN (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : QRTN (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : QRTN (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : QRTN (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : QRTN (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : BO (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,LA NUEVA SUPERMART-MACTAN,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL TISA,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,LA NUEVA SUPERMART-CITY HALL,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,LA NUEVA SUPERMART-CITY HALL,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,LA NUEVA SUPERMART-CITY HALL,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,DOLOR/NIDA STORE,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,CITY SOHO MALL,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,FOODA SAVERSMART-KASAMBAGAN,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO FIESTA MALL - TABUNOK,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,JY SQUARE,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL - SOUTH,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,LA NUEVA SUPERMART-CITY HALL,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO GRAND CARCAR,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO GRAND CARCAR,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,BOHOL QUALITY (DDI Pak),undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL SAVER'S MART - DANAO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO GRAND MALL MINGLANILLA,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,BOHOL QUALITY (DDI Pak),undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO GRAND TOLEDO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO CAPITAL-MACTAN,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,BLUE OCEAN HOLDINGS INC. - BANILAD,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO GRAND CARCAR,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO GRAND JAI ALAI,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,PRINCIPALITY INC. - SIBONGA,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,PRINCIPALITY INC. - DALAGUETE,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
undefined,undefined,GAISANO GRAND TOLEDO,undefined,undefined,CENTRAL : CEBU : PAKNAAN : DMPI : DMPI GT : GOOD (PAK_DMPIGT),DEL MONTE PHIL INC. : DMPI GT,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined,undefined
